---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2015-12-29T05:56:50.854Z'
dateModified: '2015-12-27T14:19:12.926Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2015-12-29-6a0d0118-9d56-458a-85eb-3e40d422f55e.md
published: true
url: 6a0d0118-9d56-458a-85eb-3e40d422f55e/index.html
_type: Article

---
**How many interviews are you getting?**

Typically it is 2 to 5% of the number of resumes you send out.  What if you could

****

bring that up to 25%, 50%, 100%? We know how and our testimonials and success

****

stories prove it.

****

Here's how we work with you:

****

We provide powerful marketing tools that have worked time and time again to get

****

you recognized.

****

* **

Resume & Cover Letter - We will critique, revise, and 're-create'****

together****

with**  
**

you****

a no****

fluff, accomplishments oriented resume and****

cover letter that will****

get**  
**

you****

noticed and****

demonstrate your true****

value, and get you in front of****

decision**  
**

makers.**

* **

Interview Preparation - We will spend time prepping you on highly****

effective**  
**

interview****

technique****

s****

that get****

amazing results****

and****

second****

interviews.****

We will**  
**

train you on how to****

turn interview questions into powerful****

tools****

to fully**  
**

demonstrate****

your strengths and value to the employer.****

We****

will****

build****

up****

your**  
**

confidence****

and****

ease your anxiety.**

* **

Thinking about changing careers? Just been fired or laid off? We****

offer**  
**

Counseling****

&****

Support - We listen, advise, motivate and offer****

support.  Having**  
**

personal access****

to a****

brutally honest and caring****

professional to field your**  
**

questions****

can be an****

invaluable****

tool to keep****

you sharp and motivated to get that**  
**

job.**

* **

We are committed to working with you until you're hired. We understand the**  
**

frustrations, roadblocks, and rejection letters. We also know the importance of**  
**

'thinking outside the box', staying motivated, taking the 'road less travelled';**  
**

Internet search techniques beyond the popular job boards, how to perform a**  
**

'direct approach' to getting hired and even secrets and techniques that**  
**Headhunters use to get to the decision makers. Think like a Headhunter!**